this is my 1988 Allegro with only 24,000
miles
as a Chevy 454 engine 33 feet long and
that is the original models about this
last summer of lipids a July 2011 from
the original owner he had it garage
until this day it's still garage for as
of right now the property I'm staying on
as a RV storage garage I would consider
this motorhome in mint condition the
pretty much what I did had a full
tune-up done on it
change the spark plugs wires I put at HD
the red TV Weingard satellite system on
it I tinted the windows
I put the wheel covers stimulators on
that's pretty much basically all
everything I did to it didn't need much
I'm thinking about putting the bank's
power system in it still kind of
undecided I think that it would do a lot
better on heels and one up in the
mountains if I if I had that
but uh here's the the outside of it I'll
take another video of the inside and I
post it all so you can get an idea of
how good a shape it is I would like I
said I would consider this motorhome in
mint condition for its age
so yeah I'll uh I'll post another video
of the inside so you can take a look at
the interior the interiors and just as
good to shake mint condition as as well
as the outside